Who is responsible for managing the progress of work during a Sprint?
The Product Owner
The Developers
The most junior member of the team
The Scrum Master
Which statement best describes a Product Owner's responsibility?
Optimizing the value of the work the Scrum Team does.
Keep stakeholders from distracting the Developers.
Directing the Developers
Managing the project and ensuring that the work meets the commitments to the stakeholders.
When does a Developer become accountable for the value of a Product Backlog item selected for the Sprint?
Never. The entire Scrum Team is accountable for creating value every Sprint.
During the Daily Scrum.
Whenever a team member can accommodate more work.
At the Sprint Planning Event.
When might a Sprint be abnormally cancelled?
When the sales department has an important new opportunity.
When it becomes clear that not everything will be finished by the end of the Sprint.
When the Sprint Goal becomes obsolete.
When the Developers feel that the work is too hard.
The length of a Sprint should be:
Short enough to keep the business risk acceptable to the Product Owner.
Short enough to be able to synchronize the development work with other business events.
One month or less.
All of the above.
Who creates the Definition of Done?
If it is not an organizational standard, the Scrum Team must create a Definition of Done appropriate for the product.
The Scrum Master since they are responsible for the productivity of the Developers.
The Scrum Team, in a collaborative effort where the result is the common denominator of all members' definitions.
The Product Owner since they are responsible for the product's success.
It is mandatory that the product Increment be released to production at the end of each Sprint.
true
false
When does the next Sprint begin?
Immediately after the conclusion of the previous Sprint.
Immediately following the next Sprint Planning.
When the Product Owner is ready
Next Monday.
What does it mean to say that an event has a timebox?
The event must take at least a minimum amount of time.
The event can take no more than a maximum amount of time.
The event must happen at a set time.
The event must happen by a given time.
Which statement best describes the Sprint Review?
It is a demo at the end of the Sprint for everyone in the organization to check on the work done.
It is when the Scrum Team and stakeholders inspect the outcome of a Sprint and figure out what to do next
It is a mechanism to control Developer activity during a Sprint
When should the Developers on a Scrum Team should be replaced?
As needed, while taking into account a short-term reduction in productivity.
As needed, with no special allowance for changes in productivity.
Every Sprint to promote shared learning.
Never, it reduces productivity.
The Scrum Team must choose at least one high priority process improvement item, identified during the Sprint Retrospective, and place it in the Sprint Backlog.
true
false
The Agile way is
To produce working product of the right quality, early and incrementally
To produce working product after documentation has been signed off
To produce simple prototypes early, but no finished product until the end of the project
To produce products without technical integrity, but re-engineer later
The Developers should have all the skills needed to:
Do all of the development work, except for specialized testing that requires additional tools and environments.
Turn the Product Backlog items they select into an Increment of useful and valuable product functionality.
Complete the project as estimated when the date and cost are committed to the Product Owner.
The Agile Manifesto states the following values:
People are more important than contracts
Plans should have priority over ability to respond
Working software should have priority over comprehensive documentation
Contracts should be negotiated which allow control over the people
During a Sprint, a Developer determines that the Scrum Team will not be able to complete the items in their forecast. Who should be present to review and adjust the Product Backlog items selected?
The Product Owner and the Developers.
The Scrum Master, the project manager, and the Developers
The Product Owner and all stakeholders.
The Developers.
The timebox for a Daily Scrum is?
15 minutes.
15 minutes for a 4-week sprint. For shorter Sprints it is usually shorter.
The same time of day every day.
Two minutes per person.
The CEO asks the Developers to add a "very important" item to a Sprint that is in progress. What should the Developers do?
Add the item to the next Sprint.
Add the item to the current Sprint without any adjustments.
Add the item to the current Sprint and drop an item of equal size.
Inform the other members of the Scrum Team so the team can decide what to do.
The purpose of a Sprint is to produce a valuable and useful Increment of working product.
true
false
What is the main reason for the Scrum Master to be at the Daily Scrum?
To gather status and progress information to report to management.
He or she does not have to be there; he or she only has to ensure the Developers have a Daily Scrum
To write down any changes to the Sprint Backlog, including adding new items, and tracking progress on the burn-down.
To make sure every team member answers the three questions.
Who is on the Scrum Team? (choose the best three answers)
Developers
Project Manager
Stakeholder
The Scrum Master
The Product Owner
The timebox for the Sprint Review is:
2 hours.
4 hours for a monthly Sprint. For shorter Sprints it is usually shorter.
4 hours and longer as needed
As long as needed
What do all Agile approaches have in common?
A prescribed, fixed iteration (Timebox) length
Iterative development and incremental delivery
A strict focus on on-time delivery
A large set of clearly defined roles
When many Scrum Teams are working on a single product, what best describes the Definition of Done?
All Scrum Teams must have a Definition of Done that makes their combined Increment valuable and useful.
it depends.
Each Scrum Team uses its own, but must make their definition clear to all other teams so the differences are known.
Scrum has a role called "project manager."
true
false
Select three incorrect, untrue, or misleading statements about Scrum?
Scrum is a methodology where you can pick and choose which parts of Scrum you think will work for your environment.
Scrum is a framework for developing and sustaining complex products.
Each component of Scrum serves a specific purpose and is essential to your ability to use Scrum to develop complex products.
Scrum is like traditional processes but with self-organization to replace Project Managers.
Scrum is a framework that eliminates complexity.
The Product Backlog is ordered by:
Whatever is deemed most appropriate by the Product Owner.
Least valuable items at the top to most valuable at the bottom.
Size, where small items are at the top and large items are at the bottom
Risk, where safer items are at the top, and riskier items are at the bottom
A Scrum Team consists of the following:
Product Owner, Scrum Master, Team
Product Owner, Scrum Master, Team, Customers, Users
Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers
Developers, Product Owner, Scrum Master, Stakeholder
The three pillars of empiricism are:
Planning, Inspection, Adaptation
Planning, Demonstration, Retrospective.
Inspection, Transparency, Retrospective
Inspection, Transparency, Adaptation.
In order to communicate well, the Agile project should ...
Keep team-size large, to avoid stakeholders feeling left out
Break the project into small, mixed-skill, self-organising teams
Operate with one team of less than 10 people
Operate with separate customer, developer and test teams
